Because this grouping set was that way,
is so common, we have also the cube.
The cube actually does this implicitly.
So, when we go and say group by cube,
month, and country, that's totally equivalent to what we did here.
So, we're going to get without specifying anything,
it's going to say,
I'm going to get you the whole group,
group by months, group by country,
group by both and so forth.
If you also put three here you'll get all the zero combination,
the one combinations, the two combination,
and the three combination.
I have to warn you that the none here is expressive,
which means if you had country none,
you're going to be confused big-time.
So, before running cube,
you need to make sure that the original data doesn't have any none's because
none here have a special meaning which actually says that I group by the months,
the revenue and then I summed over all countries.
So, usually, one cleans and drops any none's before doing a cube.
One final thing I'm going to do,
this thing ran in 25 milliseconds,
this one, this cube one pass.
I'm going to compare this with the naive approach of doing the four passes.
So, this is the first pass for the sum alone,
then a second pass where I'm grouping by the country,
then a third pass where I'm grouping by the month,
then a fourth pass when I am grouping by both.
That took something almost like double the time which is 45 milliseconds.
Of course here, my data is very small and we're talking
milliseconds because these are 1,000 or this is a baby database.
But this factor from 25-45,
if these were 25 minutes, that's substantial.
For actually overnight, drops with lots of data and
almost 100 percent or close to a 100 percent increase, that is substantial.
So, with that, we hope we have shown the different OLAP operations and we have shown
the cube operation which gives us all of this and we can
actually start going and saving this and over many,
many more dimensions, so we're going to get many, many more details.
Then when we save that table,
we can actually serve that to the business users so they don't even need
to even construct cubes or look into actually this schema row.